---
title: "Computer Graphics"
layout: post
---

## Course Description

This course is an introduction to computer image synthesis and mathematical modeling for computer graphics applications. Topics include coordinate systems, vector and affine spaces, 2-D and 3-D transforms, projection, curves and surfaces, and animation. We work to produce photorealistic 2-D renderings of 3-D virtual scenes. To do so we we use physical modeling and simulation to mimic natural phenomena. To produce the images quickly enough for interaction, we use numeric approximation techniques and graphics hardware, and also geometric algorithms and data structures.

All work for Computer Graphics class, completed primarily in Java Script, HTML, and C.

## Projects

### Program 1 Showcase :mag_right:

Simple 3-D object rendering program. [See more here](https://github.com/AriaKillebrewBruehl/CSCI385/blob/main/showcase/README.md)

### Program 2 Scene :film_projector:

Program 2 creates a simple drawing and animated object by specifying rotations, scaling, and translations of the coordinate matrix. [See more here](https://github.com/AriaKillebrewBruehl/CSCI385/blob/main/scene/README.md)

### Program 3: Flip Book :closed_book:

Program 3 renders a flip book by using ray casting to compute perspective projections of what the camera sees, depicting objects as their wireframes with hidden lines removed. [See more here](https://github.com/nihilistkitten/walk-thru-it/blob/main/README.md)

### Program 4: Bezier Funhouse :clown_face:

Program 4 uses ray tracing to simulate the reflections of a curved mirror. [See more here](https://github.com/AriaKillebrewBruehl/CSCI385/blob/main/bezier-funhouse/README.md)
